## Environment Variables

### CORS related

- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_CORS_ALLOWED_ORIGIN`

### Admin Area Security

- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_ADMIN_AUTH_MODE` - options are `JWT`,`SSO`, or `NONE`. defaults to `JWT`
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_ADMIN_SECRET` - secret used ot generate JWT token. defaults to autogenerated.
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_ADMIN_SEED` - seed value used to generate JWT token. defaults to autogenerated.

- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_ADMIN_AUTH_STATUS` - defaults to `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_VIRTUAL_PATH +"/admin/auth/jwt/status"`
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_ADMIN_AUTH_REDIRECT` - defaults to `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_VIRTUAL_PATH +"/admin/login"`

- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_OPERATOR_AUTH_MODE`
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_OPERATOR_AUTH_STATUS`
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_OPERATOR_AUTH_REDIRECT`

### Web Server Related

- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_PORT` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_HOSTNAME` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_PROTOCOL` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_PORT` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_HOSTNAME` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_URL` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_API_PATH` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_AUTH_PATH` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_ADMIN_AUTH_MODE` - 
- `SENZING_API_SERVER_URL` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_VIRTUAL_PATH` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_STREAM_CLIENT_URL` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_SSL_CERT_PATH` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_SSL_KEY_PATH` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_BASIC_AUTH_JSON` - 

### Proxy/Reverse-Proxy Options

- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_PROXY_LOGLEVEL` - 
- `SENZING_AUTH_SERVER_HOSTNAME` - 
- `SENZING_AUTH_SERVER_PORT` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_AUTH_PATH` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_ADMIN_AUTH_PATH` - 
- `SENZING_API_SERVER_URL` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_URL` - 
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_INTERNAL_URL` - 
- `SENZING_AUTH_SERVER_JWTPATH_REWRITE` - 
- `SENZING_AUTH_SERVER_SSOPATH_REWRITE` - 
- `SENZING_AUTH_SERVER_ADMIN_JWTPATH_REWRITE` - 
- `SENZING_AUTH_SERVER_ADMIN_SSOPATH_REWRITE` - 
- `SENZING_AUTH_SERVER_WRITE_CONFIG_TO_FILE` - 


#### SQS Streaming Support

- `SENZING_STREAM_SERVER_PORT`

### CSP related

- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_CSP_DEFAULT_SRC` - default src placed in the `default-src` namespace in the `Content-Security-Policy` tag in the main SPA page.
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_CSP_CONNECT_SRC` - string placed in the `connect-src` namespace in the `Content-Security-Policy` tag in the main SPA page.
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_CSP_SCRIPT_SRC` - string placed in to the `script-src` namespace in the `Content-Security-Policy` meta tag in the main SPA page.
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_CSP_IMG_SRC` - string placed in to the `img-src` namespace in the `Content-Security-Policy` meta tag in the main SPA page.
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_CSP_STYLE_SRC` - string placed in to the `style-src` namespace in the `Content-Security-Policy` meta tag in the main SPA page.
- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_CSP_FONT_SRC` - string placed in to the `font-src` namespace in the `Content-Security-Policy` meta tag in the main SPA page.


- `SENZING_WEB_SERVER_VIRTUAL_PATH`



## Command Line Switches

### CORS related

- `corsAllowedOrigin` - d
- `corsSuccessResponseCode` - defaults to 200
- `corsFailureResponseCode` - defaults to 401

- `testWebServerStartup` - d
- `streamServerPort` - d
- `streamClientUrl` - d

### Admin Related
- `adminAuthMode`
- `adminAuthStatusUrl`
- `adminAuthRedirectOnFailure`
- `adminAuthRedirectUrl`
- `operatorAuthMode`
- `operatorAuthStatusUrl`
- `operatorAuthRedirectUrl`

- `authServerPortNumber`
- `authServerHostName`
- `adminAuthSecret`
- `adminAuthToken`
- `operatorAuthSecret`
- `operatorAuthToken`

### Web Server Related

- `protocol`
- `webServerPortNumber` - 
- `webServerHostName` - 
- `webServerUrl` - 
- `webServerApiPath` - 
- `webServerAuthPath` - 
- `webServerAuthMode` - 
- `apiServerUrl` - 
- `virtualPath` - 
- `streamClientUrl` - 
- `sslCertPath` - 
- `sslKeyPath` - 

### Proxy/Reverse-Proxy Related
- `proxyLogLevel` - 
- `adminAuthPath` - 
- `apiServerUrl` - 
- `webServerUrl` - 
- `webServerInternalUrl` - 
- `proxyJWTPathRewrite` - 
- `proxySSOPathRewrite` - 
- `proxyAdminJWTPathRewrite` - 
- `proxyAdminSSOPathRewrite` - 
- `writeProxyConfigToFile` - 



### CSP related

Content Security Policy (CSP) is an added layer of security that helps to detect and mitigate certain types of attacks, including Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) and data injection attacks. Configuring Content Security Policy involves adding the Content-Security-Policy HTTP header to a web page and giving it values to control what resources the user agent is allowed to load for that page. see https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP

- `webServerCspDefaultSrc` - default src placed in the `default-src` namespace in the `Content-Security-Policy` tag in the main SPA page.
- `webServerCspConnectSrc` - string placed in the `connect-src` namespace in the `Content-Security-Policy` tag in the main SPA page.
- `webServerCspScriptSrc` - string placed in to the `script-src` namespace in the `Content-Security-Policy` meta tag in the main SPA page.
- `webServerCspImgSrc` - string placed in to the `img-src` namespace in the `Content-Security-Policy` meta tag in the main SPA page.
- `webServerCspStyleSrc` - string placed in to the `style-src` namespace in the `Content-Security-Policy` meta tag in the main SPA page.
- `webServerCspFontSrc` - string placed in to the `font-src` namespace in the `Content-Security-Policy` meta tag in the main SPA page.

- `` - d
- `` - d
- `` - d
